# How-to-Do-Things-with-Video-Games
Reading Discussion

  After reading this article, I've opened my eyes a bit to the different kinds of power that games can give players. Giving the character, super strength, or guns, or special fighting abilities allows the player to feel strong and live through the game to have power that they never could. It is one of the main reasons that games are so appealing. On the other hand, there are weaknesses that are used as powerfull skills in other games. At first I was wondering to myself why would anyone want to play that. However, after reading this, Ive realized that some of my favorite games use "cowarding" and "stealth" as one of the most important parts. For example, the game Horizon Zero Dawn is one that I've loved playing over the years, and "hiding" is one of the biggest skills you can have. I think its important for games to showcase that other skills, not just killing and using brute force, are just as important in winning and it uses more critical thinking and patience. I think most games are ment to be some form of entertainment. Having fun, watching a story, making connections with the characters and even learning about yourself and your values.  I think games can be whatever the artist wants them to be. The possibilities are endless and I think we have only hit the tip of the iceburg. I think there are other forms of expression as well, like party music, feel good movies, interactive art exhibits liike ball pits that are really made for entertainment. Of course anything can be interpreted as deeper than what it seems but most of the time, those are just for fun. In my opinion, games that require critical thinking and patience add to the thrill of being immersed in the game. It is more entertaining and fun to feel the suspense of being hunted or chased. 
